still the same for android. So for android it's
a little bit different. We only need the image
icon. So if you've designed your own icon use
that. Otherwise prefer to use the one I created
. So let's save this and I'm just going to
save it to my downloads directory. All right.
So on under studio you need to find out Perez
mini map, I see launcher. So didn't I
? So let's go to android studio. So uh
rest men up. I see launcher. Right?
So notice that we have different sizes launches here.
So when android by default they are images that get
created. So he wanted to add that. Then
we go to the res directory and then we right
click and we do new image assets. And so
here it's just going to give you the previous So
these are so on android, there's plenty more android
devices to support. There are plenty more versions of
this icon. So firstly we go to the foreground
layer and then from the acid part we choose the
image we just downloaded. If I go to downloads
and butterflies and openness then for the background layer.
So here on the scaling we can go trim yes
and then we can size this. So it shows
up as we want all the different icons. Then
on the background layer we can choose a color background
and let's choose the blue that we used for our
app. So in theme let's choose this hex code
and next and finish. So this now has created
. So if we this now has created assets for
all of these, this now has created the app
icons for all these sizes using our own image.
And now if we rebuild well close everything and rebuild
it will show up, see if I need to
reset the cache as well. There we go.
Okay, so now on android, once you finish
the building we can see our new app icon.
I'm not using the android studio, I'm just using
the command line tool for building android. Do I
have to install android studio in order to set the
app icon? Um, so to do this automatically
. Yes. So otherwise, so basically if you
look at the um, the checkpoint for this,
so if you look at what this tool does,
it creates all of these images automatically based on the
set. So I think there are tools out there
that you can use instead and then just add them
to the right directories. But that's just like a
built in way of doing it.